View this post on the web at https://tradecompanion.substack.com/p/will-todays-spx-bounce-get-sold-may

Friday into this morning, ES took its second breather in a week. On Tuesday last week, ES took its 1st breather, selling about 60 points. On social media, this brought about the usual barrage of top call etc. However newsletter readers knew two things to be true: 1) We are in an uptrend, therefore we NEVER call tops, we look to buy dips and 2) Institutions buy dips the same way every time. They did on Tuesday, and we started a 150+ point leg up.
As I frequently discuss all major rallies in ES start on Failed Breakdowns, because Failed Breakdowns are how institutions accumulate. Institutions accumulate when ES flushes hard and goes elevator down, loses, and then recovers a big previously set low. In doing so institutions are able to trap shorts that are chasing, use them as liquidity, then price rips the other way when the low recovers. Usually, this process correlated with an external headline shock as institutions love to use headlines for liquidity to trap shorts (or in rare cases, they/insiders are aware of headlines in advance).
We saw this last Tuesday. Tuesday morning, we began an *elevator down*  sell down to 7363 from 7445. This was a small dip, but it nonetheless had bears top calling. What happened to them? They got caught in another Failed Breakdown. I wrote last Monday at 4pm: “7363 is below there but instead of just buying this wait for it to defend then recover 7372 to get long. 7372 was a big low we set at ~11pm last Thursday.” Tuesday we held 7363, recovered 7372 by noon, and up we went.
Targets for this? I wrote Wednesday at 4pm: “My general lean is always to defer to the trend. Bulls want to defend this breakout (or quick trap below), then the next leg up targets 7491, 7504, 7526.” By 11am Wednesday, we tagged 7526 and that’s been the peak for ES since.
Friday into today, ES was tested with another dip. Bulls tried to buy it. I wrote Friday at 4pm: “7398 was the big Wednesday daily low from which we ripped into this weeks highs. The Failed Breakdown of this is a highly actionable entry.” Last evening, we lost this, recovered, rallied to 7450’s today.
The question now is, will this bounce get sold? In today’s newsletter I’ll expand on this, I’ll go over today’s Failed Breakdowns (these are key to know), and I’ll discuss the actionable plan for tomorrow
**********Important Housekeeping Notices********
(NEW) Contract Roll: Effective Monday March 16th at 6pm, I rolled over from March 2026 (ESH2026) front month contract, to June (ESM2026) front month. March will expire Friday March 20th and stop trading completely. Rollover for ES is once per quarter and takes a little over a week to complete (from Monday March 16 to Monday March 20th as volume gradually transfers between contracts). There is no fixed time where everyone rolls and every platform does it differently. I will do it on Monday 6pm as that is when TradingView does. If using TradingView the ticker remains ES1!, it is /ES on TOS, /ES on E*trade etc. Starting Monday March 16th at 6pm and for the next three month all prices will be June (ESM2026). This means the last full day I will be trading the September contract will be Monday March 16th. Note that for those who use TradingView, there is also a handy indicator that converts ES SPY and SPX prices to each other called “SPY SPX ES Price Converter”.
FOR NEW READERS: It is absolutely essential for all new readers to read my methodology section. It can be found both pinned on the home page of my Substack (tradecompanion.substack.com) and can also be found at the following link: My Trade Methodology [ https://substack.com/redirect/5c6e853f-00a7-42d5-931b-37910321739c?j=eyJ1IjoiYmQ5dnUifQ.BKbUKhSb9_Mglbpyiqw7DOBmUhQOcNUnaEWVwltG6_E ]
All times listed here are in EST.
If your chart doesn’t match mine, you may need to remove the rollover gap. Usually there is a “back-adjust” setting in most platforms. In tradingview its “b-adj” on the bottom right
The Run Down on The Level To Level Approach: What, Why, How
This section is intended for newer/learning readers and should be understood carefully before progressing. If you are experienced, with the approach, you can skip this. I include this in every newsletter, because understanding it is so fundamental, that profitability over a large sample as a day trader is probably not possible without understanding it. As we saw in today’s action, I frequently talk about how trading is simple, but not easy. It is simple in the sense there are only a few fundamental market principles that are required to be consistently profitable, and they are not overly hard to understand intellectually (trading is not calculus, as I often say). It is not easy, however, because one needs to implement these principles, which takes high-level and extremely consistent discipline.
The most foundational of all these principles (I would call this a law, not a principle) relates to how intraday moves are distributed. If you don’t understand this, and trade in full accordance with it, it is very hard mathematically speaking to be profitable. Every profitable intraday trader understands this and executes according to it, whether they know it, or not (most do though). That law is that 90% of intraday moves do not follow through to produce a smooth trend day, or near-trend day. I call this, “The Golden Rule”. Most days, price is spending the majority of the session playing in various sized ranges. It will squeeze hard one way, get traders thinking “the bottom is in”, then flush hard getting traders thinking “the top is in” and produce a deeply complex, maximally trappy pathway. It will make multiple legs, often lasting from a few minutes to a few hours each, but will not trend cleanly open to close. Only 10% of days, on the other hand, trend cleanly from open to close. This is an average of course (you will find those trendy days tend to cluster together in reality). The simple way to summarize this, is that 90% of the time, price “does not move in straight lines”, or “price does not move linearly”. The golden rule of markets is that they always take the most complex, convoluted pathway from point A to B. Price may get to your “target” but it will make sure you aren’t on board.
When you understand this, you unlock profitability and a few things become clear. Firstly, you cannot “predict” intraday action, it will usually take such a random, complex path, that “predictions” will only create biases that hinder flexible reaction to the action. There is nobody on earth who can successful predict intraday price action on a consistent basis (elite traders don’t even try). Secondly, you have to trade level to level. If 90% of price moves don’t follow through for trend days or near trend days (rather, they go a few levels, reverse, go a few levels, reverse, then eventually, explode into a trend or near trend day), it stands to reason that you *have to* lock in gains systematically level to level. This is the exact opposite of what most new traders do, and nearly all brand-new traders are constantly hunting home runs. They think every move is the next “big one”. If you hunt home runs constantly you will find that you overwhelmingly get trapped, and your good entries will very frequently go “green to red” as price runs a few levels then reverses. These “left on the table” gains add up to staggering, transformative wealth over the span of a year. Then, to make matters worse, you will frequently miss those huge trend moves when they do happen. After getting chopped up over and over chasing “home runs” on multiple moves that don’t follow through, the typical new trader will end up in deep drawdown, confused, and frustrated, then the market will often take off without them.
This is why level to level trade management is everything. If you lock in gains systematically level to level, then as long as you have a half decent entry, you will stack gains on all those moves that only go a few levels and reverse.
What about those big trend moves then, or those days that trend non-stop? Again, level to level trade management has the answer: Leave runners. After you lock in majority profits at first level, do it again at the second level, then leave a runner to work. What then happens? If price goes 7 points and fails you win. If price goes 20 points and fails, you win (your runner will handle it), If price puts in the biggest trend day of the year, you also win, you are on board with those runners.
Do this on every single trade, regardless of what you think, or how you feel, and you can “hack” that fundamental law of how intraday moves are distributed to your favor, rather than be a victim of it. When you do this, you no longer have to guess when to take profits, where, or how much. You stop flipping back and forth frantically. You stop getting trapped over and over. Your stress goes down, and your profits go up. You do it the same way everytime, and that way is in accordance with the mathematics around markets follow through.
To summarize the trade management methodology, it therefore goes like this: Lock in 75% profits at first level up. From there, you can move your stop up, for me, it will usually go several points points under break-even, but I am flexible here. My only core criteria is that I *will not let the entire trade go back red*. I want to give the trade every chance to work as long as it does nothing structurally wrong (loses a major support etc). Apply common sense. From there, lock in more at next level up, leave 10% to go. Trail the 10% via the trailing stop system in the method section. You can adjust these ratios as per your personal sizing constraints.
Trade management is everything and infinitely more important than entries. You can have the best entries in the world, but if you don’t lock in gains systematically, you will not profit. You will sell far too late (most the time), or far too early. Do not “guess” where moves will end nor assume that any entry will result in a large move, most don’t and good follow through is not the norm, but the exception. Do not let your emotions or opinions tell you when to exit a trade. You don’t know, I don’t know, nobody knows which setup will result in a one level move and fail dramatically, which will go 4 levels then reverse, or which one will see the rally (or sell) of the century. The vast majority of moves only go 1 -3 levels. A smaller subset go 3 or 4, a rare subset go 4+.
After you understand this, you can *then* turn your focus to the entry setups
                                                  On to today: Basic Themes
Heading into today, I verified my positioning at the close yesterday at 4pm: “ I am still holding my 10% long runner from last Thursday’s 6pm 7345 Failed Breakdown, provided in Thursday’s 4pm newsletter. My most recent entry was the 7402 Level Reclaim at 9:55AM.”
There were a few things to note heading into today:
1) Readers know that I talk everyday about the two siblings in ES. These siblings are elevator down sell and short squeeze, they are always paired together, and this is the tendency we exploit to generate our entries. Elevator down sell refers to a sharp flush where ES cuts through many supports with ease. This is usually how ES sells off. It rallies slowly (stairs up) and sells in a straight line (elevator down). This typically lasts a few minutes to a few hours. Rarely, a whole day. We typically see one elevator down move per day, with the only exception being on Mode 1 green days (these are open to close trend days to the upside). Mode 1 days (open to close trend days) are only 10% of sessions overall. After Elevator Down sells, ES puts in a face ripping short squeeze. The catch though is the squeeze only occurs when ES puts in a Failed Breakdown (big low flushes, traps, recovers) or Level Reclaim. Not a moment before, and if you try knife before this trigger event, you will lose.
We got this dynamic Wednesday morning. Wednesday morning ES sold 60 points into around 10:50AM to 7399. Shortly after ES put in a nice Failed Breakdown of a big low at 7410 from 8pm Tuesday evening. We ripped afterwards for the short squeeze to 7530+ highs Thursday.
From there? Elevator down to 7421 by 9:50AM Friday morning. Shortly after - at 10am - ES put in a Failed Breakdown. Specifically, from 430am to 930AM ES set a nice shelf of lows at 7435 from which we rallied 35 points. That 7435 shelf swept to 7421, recovered, and we ripped to 7460+ Friday.
Then Sunday evening? Same drill. We went elevator down to 7375. In doing so lost a big low at 7398 (the daily low from last Wednesday). We recovered it around 4:15AM this morning, and we ripped vertically to 7450’s.
Elevator down, Failed Breakdown, Short Squeeze. The cycle repeats over and over.
You get the drill. For every action in ES there is an equal and opposite reaction. Whenever you see a big red bar, whether it lasts a few minutes, a few hours - or once or twice a month - a full day, you can expect the squeeze to be of equal ferocity. Bears never get anything for free in ES on an intraday basis - they have not in over 100 years of S&P 500 trading and never will. The larger the sell, the larger the squeeze(you can think of every point of red as going into a machine that will later spit out 0.5 to 10 points of green), but the squeeze only commences on a Failed Breakdown.
Elevator Down, Failed Breakdown, Short Squeeze. Elevator Down, Failed Breakdown, Short Squeeze. It applies in uptrends and downtrends. The only difference between up and downtrend is in downtrends the squeezes will not retrace 100% of the sell and will make a lower high.
2) The basic theme heading into today was that ES was rangebound. I expanded on this Friday at 4pm and spoke about what to do with it:
Bull case Monday: ES finds itself stuck inside a new range now which is mostly 7472 resistance, and support at 7421. 7435 and 7458 are key levels inside this range. The task for bulls Monday is to defend this range (or quick trap below) then break it out. This may look something like defend 7435 (or quick trap below 7421) then rip up the range to 7458, 7472. Perhaps final dip there, then breakout targts 7496, 7508, 7520. Above there, we head back to all time highs. We are in an awkward spot now in the middle of the range so there are limited low risk spots to add on strength. Perhaps 7458 reclaims is one higher complexity entry.
3) Finally, while I discuss plenty of structures and levels above, its vital that we do not use any of the above to make predictions. Our job as traders is never to predict what price will do (literally impossible on an intraday basis). Our job is to plan zones, wait for price to present our setups at those zones, then manage the trade systematically level to level. I am not exagerating at all when I say the core difference between winning and losing traders is that losing traders are obssessed with knowing where price will go. Professionals don’t care - they let price pick the path and react. This allows one to trade what they see, not what they think, and not be affected by bias. When you predict, you are giving yourself a bias which blinds you from objectively trading the action. Price traps by its nature and takes the pathway engineered to cause the maximum pain to retail traders. You can pretend that it is a supercomputer that is intentionally trying to ensure that no retail traders profit from any large move, and ensure they are all stopped out, trapped, and frustrated before one occurs.
It is for this reason that instead of predicting the path and getting trapped non-stop, we need to flip the script and trade the traps: Wait on the Failed Breakdowns, manage profits level to level (thereby never predicting how far any move will go) and let runners work. Rinse and repeat daily. The second you start imagining price paths or trading on them, you’ve already lost the game.
Here is the difference in the types of statements professional traders make vs retail traders in this regard. A retail trader will make proclamations. They will say “We are going to sell 80 points, then rally 20, then sell another 100”. Or they say “We lost X leve, the top is in, we are heading lower”. Professionals say “If price tests X level, flushes it, and recovers, I long for a lvl to lvl move”. “If price rallies to Z level, I short for a level to level move”, “If price does none of the above, I do nothing”. Be a trader, not a fortune teller and don’t expect price to do anything. When I sit down to trade, I wipe my mind clean of any expectations, predictions, or opinions on direction. Have a plan for exactly where and how you want to engage, let price choose the path, then you can react accordingly. If your doing this right, you should be able to enter a session “feeling” the most bearish you have felt in a year, but if a Failed Breakdown triggers off the open, you are long. From there, all trades are managed systematically level to level, again never predicting how far any move will go.
With this in mind, let’s look at how yesterday’s execution plan applied to today’s action.
                                                  Trade Recap/Daily Summary
NOTE: The purpose of this trade recap section is to run down in greater detail previous examples of my three setup types that occurred within the last couple days. These setups are always provided to readers in advance, and the goal of this section is to expedite the lengthy screen time requirement that is associated with learning any trade setup. Trading is no different than learning a sport, or a musical instrument, or any other skill. You need to put in the reps - thousands of them. Unfortunately with trading, these reps are expensive. By showing examples of my three setups here everyday, the hope is readers can develop the pattern recognition quicker. The idea is that if there was a trade you were curious about or wanted more color on that occurred in the last couple days, you can scan through this section and hopefully I have identified it. Scroll to the next section for today’s action and the trade plan for tomorrow. Note that this section is also not exhaustive and I do not include every setup that occurred. When price is volatile, there may be many.
                                              Sunday Evening and the 7398 Failed Breakdown
The first available quality Failed Breakdown was of 7421 which was the Friday daily low. We actually returned here and swept this at around 4pm on Friday. I wrote Friday at 4pm: “Below there, the obvious setup is the Failed Breakdown of today’s 7421 daily low. A sweep of this low and recovery is an obvious entry.”
Why was 7421 flush and recovery a Failed Breakdown? Remember a Failed Breakdown requires price to lose and recover a significant low.
A significant low has three possible definitions. 1) The prior days low 2) A multi-hour low/ a low that goes 20+ points or 3) A cluster or shelf of lows. At 7421 we had number 1: The prior days low and 7421 was the low of day Friday. This is an obvious entry if triggered.
As always with Failed Breakdowns though the golden rule is if you just rush in long on the recovery of the significant low, you lose. Prior to entry you HAVE TO see either: 1) One of the two acceptance types. Acceptance is price action that we must see prior to entry, in order to prevent us from rushing in and getting trapped. It generally involves price trying to sell at or above the significant low then returning to it. By doing so, price is telling us that it wants to be there so that when we long the recovery of the significant low, we won’t rush in long, get trapped, and have price selloff. 2) The Non-Acceptance protocol. The non-acceptance protocol only triggers when price recovers the significant low (7421) by 5 points and holds above for a couple minutes. This typically triggers in high volatility, fast markets where price does not pause around the significant low (7421) and just rips through.
Remember 5 points above the significant low is the danger zone for Failed Breakdowns and where most losses occur. If entering in this zone you need clear acceptance and if you don’t see it or it is too noisy or uncertain, just wait for the non-acceptance protocol.
Remember the non-acceptance protocol automatically activates when price recovers the significant low (7421) by 5 points (7426) and holds at or above 7426 for a few minutes. The non-acceptance protocol typically triggers for shallow (under 10 point flush of the significant low) and fast Failed Breakdowns, but you can use it for any Failed Breakdown. Typically I always use it when there is not clear, obvious, “jumps out at you” acceptance.
I wrote yesterday at 4pm: “Below there ES could flush quite hard and there is not much until 7398. 7398 was the big Wednesday daily low from which we ripped into this weeks highs. The Failed Breakdown of this is a highly actionable entry.”
We got this long entry Sunday evening. Sunday evening by 9:30PM, ES sold off down to 7375. By 4:15AM, ES ripped through and recovered 7398. I was asleep for this one, but there were a few possible entries here.
One could have used the non-acceptance protocol. 7398+5t03. One could have longed when price recovered 7403 by a few minutes. By 4:15AM, ES had this and one could’ve longed.
We also had the first type of acceptance shown above though. Specifically, it was 8pm Sunday evening that ES originally lost 7398 and sold down to 7382. Shortly after this (around 9pm Sunday evening), ES then backtested 7398 and sold down to 7375. This is a good example of the first type of acceptance. Recall the first form price back-tests the significant low (7398) from below, sells off, then returns to it. By doing this (selling off at the significant low then rebounding back to it), price tells us there is no supply at the significant low and we can safetly long above when it recovers after.
One could have taken this anywhere between 3:30AM and 4:15AM as stated above.
We ripped to 7450+ this morning after, then dipped to 7374.
                                              The 3pm 7393 Failed Breakdown
It is worth noting after 3pm we then got another quality Failed Breakdown. I wrote yesterday at 4pm: “There is not much below there until 7377. This is a decent support and if its a controlled grind lower into the zone, one can bid it. If its a total free fall though, it is essential to never knife catch. Instead, wait for it to defend and recover 7384 to get long and this is a quality entry.”
By 2:50PM, ES sold down to 7374. In doing so, ES lost a big shelf of lows that formed overnight/this morning at 7377. There is a very clear shelf of lows here with multiple touches between Sunday at 930PM and Monday at 2:30AM.
We swept that shelf at 2:50PM as stated down to 7374, and recovered. One could have taken the long here via the non-acceptance protocol since this was very fast. 7377+5s83. Long above 7383.
Since this was very fast, I was not able to get in until 7402. I managed this level though: Locked in 75% profits at 7414 1st up, left 25% to run. Locked in more at 7421 2nd up, left 10% to go.
I do this trade recap section for one reason mostly - to give new traders a sense of what running a system looks like in reality because if new traders today are anything like I was starting off, they have a laughably wrong idea of what profitable trading looks like (and as a result, aren’t profitable).
It’s not about trading 15 times a day, flipping back and forth long and short, catching every move the market makes. Trading takes me about 15 minutes per day and I catch whatever piece happens to correlate with my edge. Sometimes its 1% of the action, sometimes its 100%, some days its 0. I don’t trade because I am bored, have FOMO, am greedy, have an opinion on what price may do, read what an influencer said will happen. I could be 100% sure price is going to do something, and I still won’t trade. I trade because price came into a zone dictated by my plan, and produced my edge in that zone (Failed Breakdown). That is it. I don’t care what price does outside that context. All other action is irrelevant. It doesnt matter if price sells 200 points. Nothing to do with me or my edge.
It took me years as a beginner - unfortunately - to realize this is what profitable trading looks like because there is a whole industry of people selling a fabricated version of what it looks like. This version involves people flipping back and forth long and short everyday, catching every move. It wasn’t until I had the opportunity to speak to a mentor of mine a few years into my career (and after a few years of learning) that while I was trading to catch every move and get rich in a day, this particular mentor was ecstatic if he got 5, 10, 15 points a session. Many weeks he would go 2-3 days with no trades if a fat pitch didn’t appear only take a 6 point trade.
I do the same template daily: I do 1-2 trades daily. These trades are typically before 11am, or after 3pm. I often enter between 730am and 830am, but this is not a hard rule. If there is no good entry in that morning window, I will enter later. I enter only at pre-planned, high conviction zones, on A+ setups. I rarely trade the window between 11am and 2pm as its often chop. First trade is a win in the morning, I hold the runner and I stop trading, only rarely trying one more in the afternoon. First trade is a loss, I trade one more. Both trades are losses, I quit for the day.
Screenshot taken at 1:30PM Monday
Trade Plan Tuesday
Supports are: 7383, 7377 (major), 7365 (major), 7355, 7345 (major), 7336, 7326 (major), 7319, 7312 (major), 7304, 7295, 7288 (major), 7279, 7274, 7264, 7258 (major), 7248 (major), 7230, 7224 (major), 7214 (major), 7204, 7199 (major), 7189, 7181, 7172 (major),7166, 7160 (major).
In terms of lvls I’d bid direct: My most recent entry was the 7377 Failed Breakdown we saw at 3pm today and I am still holding a 10% runner on this - discussed above. Today was a classic consolidation session in ES as price spent more time digesting the monster run we had the first week of May. The boundaries of this range - as always - continue to shift. Now, they are generally 7377 support (this was a big shelf of lows all day today), with resistance up at 7451. 7415 is a big pivot inside this range. Everything in this range=chop and as we saw today, do not predict in this range. Simply wait on triggers, react with a trade, repeat. The first very obvious support down is 7377. This is now a multi-touch support shelf as discussed above with 9-10 touches in this zone today, the lowest being 7374 a little before 3pm. This zone is fairly weak now, but it may have one more trap left in it. While one could try to buy it directly, I’d prefer to wait for a Failed Breakdown here. Ideally, if ES can flush this zone down to 7365 and recover this is ideal. Below 7365 there is not much until 7345. This is a decent support if we are dipping down there in a controlled manner, but if we are knifing there full speed on some Iran headline don’t knife catch it. Instead, wait for ES to put in a Failed Breakdown of 7335. On Thursday May 7th, this was the low of day and a flush and recovery here is actionable. If its a controlled dip into it, one can try to grab some points here but if we are collapsing at least wait for it to trap and recover. Below there is not much until 7248.
Resistances are: 7391 (major), 7401, 7415 (major), 7421, 7428, 7433 (major), 7442, 7451 (major), 7455, 7464 (major), 7474 (major), 7478, 7488, 7500, 7508 (major), 7514 (major), 7524, 7534 (major), 7542, 7555 (major), 7567, 7576, 7580 (major), 7590, 7596-7600 (major), 7604, 7611, 7617 (major), 7626, 7635 (major), 7647, 7656 (major). As readers know I don’t short ES - I only get my points on the long side, but I still give short entries here for those who like them and don’t mind having a substantially lower win rate and lower R/R - SPX is a structurally bullish asset class green 75% of years over the last 100 years with a 1% annualized monthly return and even in bear markets it is extremely hard to short since the sells are short lived, news driven (often random) and resolve in violent rip. I have not had a single short in over a year now - phasing them out after 15 years - and my performance has never been better as my Failed Breakdown strategy outperforms even the strongest shorting strategies in downtrends and uptrends. Hopefully people can see why the last month why I only long ES. For those who don’t mind the low win rate associated with shorting, 7433 is one spot to try, as is 7451 range resistance.
Bull case tomorrow: ES is rangebound still and this range has morphed to 7377-7451. This afternoon around 3pm we trapped support of this range, and ripped. The bull case tomorrow is that price can simply fill out this range, then breakout. This would mean popping to 7433, then 7451 again. Perhaps drip there, then breakout. Breakout then targets 7474, 7490, then 7508. In terms of spots to add on strength, this is tricky to provide today as we already had a late day rip so it would be chasing. There is not much up here, one option may be sweeps and recoveries of 7415 as a “level reclaim” long.
Bear case tomorrow: Begins below 7377. These types of level loss shorts below a support are called breakdown trades. My core edge is failed breakdowns, and the reason is this is an edge is the vast majority of break downs (80%) trap. I do not take these trades personally. They take great skill to execute, and even when done well by a trader who has mastered these setups, one should expect over 60% to fail (they are low win rate, high R/R trades. 2 or 3 in a row will fail, then the 4th will pay out huge). *If you don’t like these odds and cant tolerate being trapped - simply don’t take them. I consider breakdown trades to be an advanced setup type so if a newer subscriber, there is nothing wrong with passing on these. For the 7377 short, ideally one wants to see a final bounce here or quick failed breakdown. From this, one can short beneath the lows of this bounce. Ideally, 7363 short trigger here.
In summary for tomorrow: ES is rangebound still and this range has morphed to 7377-7451. This afternoon around 3pm we trapped support of this range, and ripped. My general lean is that price can simply fill out this range, then breakout. This would mean running to 7451, perhaps dip, then breakout to 7474, 7490, 7508.
As always no crystal balls, no guessing, no predicting. I’ll be trading the above plan following whatever path price chooses. Reacting level to level, one move at a time, take profits, reset bias from scratch. Not choosing the path for price ahead of time, and hoping it agrees with me. *You don’t need an opinion on where price is going to make money*.

Unsubscribe https://substack.com/redirect/2/eyJlIjoiaHR0cHM6Ly90cmFkZWNvbXBhbmlvbi5zdWJzdGFjay5jb20vYWN0aW9uL2Rpc2FibGVfZW1haWw_dG9rZW49ZXlKMWMyVnlYMmxrSWpveE9UQTVOVEV4TkN3aWNHOXpkRjlwWkNJNk1UazNPVEE1T0RNMUxDSnBZWFFpT2pFM056a3hNelUwTWpnc0ltVjRjQ0k2TVRneE1EWTNNVFF5T0N3aWFYTnpJam9pY0hWaUxUUTVNamt6TlNJc0luTjFZaUk2SW1ScGMyRmliR1ZmWlcxaGFXd2lmUS5HRWx4RUdjMGVwcVlmT0tvaF9pRGZRUEdpa1Zhd3NhNnNjY2plUHl2YzE0IiwicCI6MTk3OTA5ODM1LCJzIjo0OTI5MzUsImYiOmZhbHNlLCJ1IjoxOTA5NTExNCwiaWF0IjoxNzc5MTM1NDI4LCJleHAiOjIwOTQ3MTE0MjgsImlzcyI6InB1Yi0wIiwic3ViIjoibGluay1yZWRpcmVjdCJ9.YYLPXwrmNpdj49XJCO8X9M2KJLusd5mbdpQ2lY-lUq0?
